>> Evgenii Ray: So
let's proceed to our first exercise,
which is creating this the following
structure, where we have the container,
top-observer element, bottom-observer
element and the virtual-list.
So let's proceed to our virtual-list file.
And let's create this HTML template.
So first we start with a container,
then we should
have a top-observer,
>> Evgenii Ray: Then
we need to have the virtual-list.
>> Evgenii Ray: And
then we want to have the bottom-observer.
let's convert it to HTML.
>> Evgenii Ray: And
type some utility text.
So this will be the bottom-observer,
oops, sorry.
The next one will be, bottom-observer.
>> Evgenii Ray: So
let's place it in the string now.
>> Evgenii Ray: And
trim it to remove any spaces.
So now we have our basic structure and
we can check our index HTML,
which already has the template that we
used before in the previous exercises.
And it also has the database
that we already used before.
And here we initialized our virtual-list
with some properties right now,
all there now.
So if we run this HTML,
we should see the basic structure, so
top-observer and a bottom-observer,
there are no elements rendered yet.
So the next step would be to register the
callback, so we need to have the observer
that will track the intersection
with the top-observer and
the bottom-observer element.
So let's implement this one.
We are going to transition to
effect method and I'm going to use
the utility function called
intersectionObserver which will return.
So basically, the wrapper around
the observer constructor that we can use,
so it doesn't have any special logic.
It just observes the elements that we
provided just to make the code cleaner.
So first, we need to provide, as
the first parameter provides the targets
that we want to track, and we already
have the method code getObservers
that will return the top-observer and
the bottom-observer element.
Then we need to provide a callback.
So the callback accepts entries.
And we already have the placeholder
function just an empty one.
So there is no logic in there,
which is called
handleintersectionObserver and
we pass the entries inside.
And now we can also provide
the configuration for our observer.
So let's call the threshold.
So let's set up the threshold of 20%,
>> Evgenii Ray: Okay?
So we can now test our file so
we can open,
or actually, let's first,
validate that our code get fired.
So what we can do here is,
>> Evgenii Ray: So
let's do the basic handlings of entries.
So first, we need to loop for
the entries that we have.
>> Evgenii Ray: Then there are two,
basically two cases,
either we have the top-observer or
the bottom-observer.
So but first, let's check that
the entry is intersecting.
>> Evgenii Ray: And
then we validate that entry.target.id
should be equal to
either the top-observer.
>> Evgenii Ray: In this case, we need
to call the handleTopObserver method.
The skeleton of this method already
predefined in the template, but
it doesn't have any code inside.
And then we also have the,
>> Evgenii Ray: Bottom-observer,
if the target ids the bottom-observer.
So this both of functionally
synchronize but
let's specify that they
don't return anything.
And if we want to validate
that the code works,
let's just put some simple alert and
say, the code works.
So okay, now we can open our index.html,
run it and see that, yeah, it works.
Okay, this where our first two
exercises within one bigger exercise.
And now the next part will be to render
some cards when we intersect with
the bottom-observer.
Do we have any questions for
these two parts?
>> Speaker 2: In the y function,
where we get the data-y attribute,
is there any advantage to using get set
attribute versus the data list API?
Or is it mostly just
a matter of preference?
>> Evgenii Ray: It's a matter of
preference, there is no clear advantage.
So here you can either use the data list,
but because I know exactly the name of
the attribute,
we can just use the get attribute.
Maybe if you work with the multiple
attributes then it might be useful to have
data list.